doc: update documentation and definitions files (#154)
dashevo/wallet-lib: docs/develop/persistence.md

## Persistence

Wallet-lib allows the use of a persistence adapter in order to store information fetched via the transporter in order to provide faster loading on later uses.  

> This adapter can be useful for a multiple of cases, for instance: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This adapter can be useful for multiple cases, for instance: 
```

- A degraded connectivity: Having stored information on a persistence layer (localStorage, secureStorage,...) would allow a user to still be able to consult his transaction history, UTXO set, balance, prepare and sign a transaction (intended to be broadcasted later, when connectivity is back).  

> - Offline Mode: In some conditions, using the wallet-lib on a non-connected device might be a desired feature. The persistence adapter would allow such usage be still providing most of it's feature from it's cache, and therefore, in the example of a transaction signing, the signing would be done on the offgapped device, while the broadcast would happen on another, connected device.  

Reviewer: Offgapped - maybe offline or air-gapped? 
```suggestion
- Offline Mode: In some conditions, using the wallet-lib on a non-connected device might be a desired feature. The persistence adapter would allow such usage be still providing most of it's feature from it's cache, and therefore, in the example of a transaction signing, the signing would be done on the offline device, while the broadcast would happen on another, connected device.  
```

> When no persistence is being set, Wallet-lib will use by default, an In Memory adapter, which won't persist information else where that in local RAM.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When no persistence is set, Wallet-lib will use by default, an In Memory adapter, which won't persist information except in local RAM.  
```
